Didi/add vs input controls (#1082)
telerik/maui-docs: controls/combobox/visual-structure.md

## ComboBox Visual Structure

![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI ComboBox Placeholder Visual Structure](images/combobox-visual-structure.png "Visual elements of ComboBox control")

> - `Placeholder`&mdash;The text which is used to give guidance to the end user on what can be entered/searched in the input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Placeholder`&mdash;The text that guides the end-user on what can be entered/searched in the input.
```

> - `DropDown Button`&mdash;A button used for opening and closing the DropDown part of the control – the arrow icon of the button indicates whether it's currently opened or closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DropDown Button`&mdash;A button used for opening and closing the DropDown part of the control–the arrow icon of the button indicates whether it's currently opened or closed.
```

> .

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

## Single Selection Structure

![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI ComboBox Single Selection Visual Structure](images/combobox-single-selection-visual-structure.png "Visual elements of ComboBox control")

> - `Text`&mdash;The text written in the control's input filed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Text`&mdash;The text entered in the control's input filed.
```

> - `Clear Button`&mdash;Clears the selection of the control both multiple and single.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `Clear Button`&mdash;Clears the selection in the control (for both multiple and single selection scenarios).
```

> - `DropDown Button`&mdash;A button used for opening and closing the DropDown part of the control – the arrow icon of the button indicates whether it's currently opened or closed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `DropDown Button`&mdash;A button used for opening and closing the DropDown part of the control–the arrow icon of the button indicates whether it's currently opened or closed.
```

- `Selected Item`&mdash;The currently selected item.

## Tokens Structure

![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI ComboBox Tokens Visual Structure](images/combobox-multiple-selection-visual-structure.png "Visual elements of ComboBox control")

- `Tokens`&mdash;When multiple items are selected from the dropdown list, these items appear as tokens. They can be deselected using their close button.

> - `ShowMore Template`&mdash;Represents an UI when the control is not focused and the space is not enough to show all tokens in a multiple selection scenario.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `ShowMore Template`&mdash;This template represents a UI that is displayed when the control is not focused and the space is insufficient to show all tokens in a multiple selection scenario.
```

## Multiple Selection Structure

![Telerik UI for .NET MAUI ComboBox DropDown Multiple Selection Visual Structure](images/dropdown-multiple-selection.png "Visual elements of ComboBox control")

- `Tokens`&mdash;When multiple items are selected from the dropdown list, these items appear as tokens. They can be deselected using their close button.

> - `SelectedItems`&mdash;The selected items, when multiple selection is used.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `SelectedItems`&mdash;The selected items when multiple selection is used.
```
